#
# List of tests to run, input for scheduler.pl
#
# Note: If a wrapper for your test exists, enter the name of the wrapper,
#       not the regression script itself!
#
# Format of this file:
#       1st column = name of test script excluding .py
#       2nd column = email notification

3C129                           gmoellen@aoc.nrao.edu
asdm-import                     dpetry@eso.org
b0319_regression                rreid@nrao.edu
coordsystest_regression         dpetry@eso.org
fits-import-export              dpetry@eso.org
flagdata_test                   jmlarsen@eso.org
fls3a_hi_regression             ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu
g192redux                       rreid@nrao.edu
ggtau                           gmoellen@aoc.nrao.edu
h121                            gmoellen@aoc.nrao.edu
ic2233                          kgolap@aoc.nrao.edu
ic2233_regression		sbhatnag@aoc.nrao.edu
imagepoltest_regression         rreid@nrao.edu
imagetest_regression            dpetry@eso.org
imcontsub_test                  sdjaeger@ucalgary.ca
imhead_test                     sdjaeger@ucalgary.ca
immath_test			sdjaeger@ucalgary.ca
immoment_test                   sdjaeger@ucalgary.ca
imregrid_test                   jmlarsen@eso.org
imsmooth_test                   sdjaeger@ucalgary.ca
imval_test                      sdjaeger@ucalgary.ca
irc_cs_regression               ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu
irc_cs_task_regression          ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu 
irc_hc3n_regression             ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu
irc_hc3n_task_regression        ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu
irc_sio_regression              ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu
irc_sio_task_regression         ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu
l02d                            gmoellen@aoc.nrao.edu
listcal_regression              jmlarsen@eso.org
listvis_regression              jmlarsen@eso.org
ngc1333                         gmoellen@aoc.nrao.edu
ngc2403                         gmoellen@aoc.nrao.edu
ngc4826redux                    kgolap@aoc.nrao.edu
ngc5921redux                    gmoellen@aoc.nrao.edu
ngc7538                         kgolap@aoc.nrao.edu
ori_ch3oh_regression            ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu
ori_ch3oh_task_regression       ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu
ori_hc3n_regression             ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu
ori_hc3n_task_regression        ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu
ori_sio_regression              ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu
ori_sio_task_regression         ttsutsum@aoc.nrao.edu
orionmos4sim                    smyers@aoc.nrao.edu
orionmosaic                     kgolap@aoc.nrao.edu
plotxy_regression               hye@aoc.nrao.edu
pointing_regression             sbhatnag@aoc.nrao.edu
polcal_20080224_cband           smyers@aoc.nrao.edu
ppdisk_regression               rindebet@nrao.edu
testcube_regression             rindebet@nrao.edu
ghii_regression                 rindebet@nrao.edu
pylabmem                        kgolap@aoc.nrao.edu
secondNGC4826                   rreid@nrao.edu
third4826                       smyers@aoc.nrao.edu
time+chan_avg                   rreid@nrao.edu
vishead_test                    jmlarsen@eso.org
wproject_regression             kgolap@aoc.nrao.edu
