#
# List of persons responsible for tests
#
# Format of this file:
#       1st column      = name of test script excluding .py
#       2nd+3rd columns = email notification

test_boxit                      dmehring nrao.edu
test_clearstat                  scastro eso.org
test_clean                      scastro eso.org
test_csvclean                   scastro eso.org
test_exportasdm                 dpetry eso.org
test_fixvis                     rreid nrao.edu
test_hanningsmooth              scastro eso.org
test_imcontsub                  dmehring nrao.edu
test_imfit                      dmehring nrao.edu
test_imhead                     dmehring nrao.edu
test_immath                     dmehring nrao.edu
test_immoments                  dmehring nrao.edu
test_importasdm.py              dpetry eso.org
test_importfitsidi.py           dpetry eso.org
test_importoldasdm.py           dpetry eso.org
test_imregrid                   jmlarsen eso.org
test_imsmooth                   dmehring nrao.edu
test_imstat                     dmehring nrao.edu
test_imval                      dmehring nrao.edu
test_listcal                    jmlarsen eso.org
test_listhistory                scastro eso.org
test_plotants                   scastro eso.org
test_plotms                     dmehring nrao.edu
test_report                     jmlarsen eso.org
test_smoothcal                  scastro eso.org
test_vishead                    jmlarsen eso.org
test_visstat                    jmlarsen eso.org
